# Exercise 2.3

### 1. What statement can you type in a C# file to discover the compiler and language version?

#error version

### 2. What are the 2 types of comments in C#?

Single line comment with //
Multiline comments with /* */

### 3. What is the difference between a verbatim string and an interpolated string?

A verbatim string is prefixed with `@` symbol and each character except " is interpreted as itself. An iterpolated string is prefixed with the `$` symbol and can include expressions surronded with braces, `{expression}`

### 4. Why should you be careful when using `float` and `double` values?

Because they are not guarantee to be accurate.

### 5. How can you determine how many bytes a type like `double` uses in memory?

You can use `sizeof()`.

### 6. When should you use the `var` keyword?

When the types are obvious and easy to interpreter.

### 7. What is the newest syntax to create an instance of a class like XmlDocument?

`XmlDocument a = new();`

### 8. Why should you be careful when using `dynamic` type?

Because type of object stored in it is not checked until runtime, which can mean runtime exceptions being thrown if you atempt to use a member that does not exist on the type.

### 9. How do use right align a format string?

In the expression, after index, add comma then positive integer.

### 10. What character separates arguments for a console app?

Space character separate arguments for console app.


## Knowledge number types

What type would you choose for the following "numbers"?

### 1. A person telephone number
String

### 2. A person height
Float or double

### 3. A person age
Integer or Unsigned Integer

### 4. A person salary
Decimal

### 5. A books's ISBN
String

### 6. A book price
Decimal

### 7. A book's shipping weight
Float or double

### 8. A country population
Uint

### 9. The number of stars in the universe
Ulong

### 10. The number of employees in each of the small or medium bussiness in the UK 
Ushort
